---
title: "You are a paratrooper that's part of a nighttime invasion force into the USA. The only 
response received by the US are pleas to turn around, saying 'they exist, you can't stop them, 
they're not just urban legends'. "
date: 2023-06-11T09:03:20-08:00

tags:
  - writing prompts
  - short stories
draft: false

---
I don't know what we expected, but this wasn't it.

Back home, in France, in Scotland, in Belgium, we used to laugh about them, make jokes about 
rednecks and Confederate flags and school shootings. They didn't even have free healthcare... 
how dangerous could they be?

We're not laughing now.

We have advanced night vision gear, but they don't ambush us at night. They blend into crowds, 
pistols and small light carbines under their coats. They firebomb buildings with homemade napalm. 
They know the cityscapes, know the local countryside.

Their marksmen can place first-round hits from seven hundred yards away.

We can hold the cities, at least the large ones. The locals are more docile there, and we can 
concentrate our forces, turtle up, even patrol the streets a little. But outside of Los Angeles, 
outside Chicago, past the outskirts of San Francisco and Manhattan Island... the land belongs to 
them.

They dropped us in with parachutes. Parachutes! I could laugh about it now, if only to keep from 
crying. We have no tanks, no heavy vehicles, although I don't know if it would matter if we did, 
because we have no petrol. They ambush the tanker trucks, burn them, crater the highways so others 
can't get through.

We have air support, a little, mostly drones. No helicopters... they don't have the range. But it 
doesn't make much difference... we don't know what to hit. We can track ambushers on thermals, hit 
them with guided munitions or cannonfire if the birds can get there quick enough, but then we've 
spent a hundred thousand Euros to kill three guys with AR15s. We have no hard targets to hit. They 
don't have bases, they meet in houses, diners, coordinate strikes over encrypted email and by 
chatting functions in online games.

We can kill them, when we find them. They can die like other men.

That's not the impossible part. We didn't understand. We laughed at the idea. "The South will rise 
again!" we used to shout. "Wolverines!"... and we'd all laugh. We laughed at their peasant 
patriotism, their insularity, their refusal to cooperate with authorities, their fractious nature, 
their obsession with murder-toys. What a bunch of ignorant, uncivilized yahoos.

Well, we're not laughing now.

We didn't realize how big America was, how thin we would be spread. A hundred thousand of us, the 
largest coordinated airdrop in the history of history itself, and the land just swallowed us up, 
fifty to a city, sometimes less. Moving around in unarmored trucks.

And they are waiting for us. Millions of them. All around us. They shoot better than we do. I never 
saw a rifle in person until I joined up eight months ago. Many of these people have been hunting 
deer since they were eight years old.

We don't try to control the smaller cities, not anymore. We just hunker down and try to survive. 
Nigel and James and I have been hiding in an abandoned Whattaburger... we're all that's left of our 
platoon. Maybe tonight we can steal a car and try to make it back to Houston, see if we can join up 
with whoever is still there.

No one told us America is full of *Americans*.

I want to go home.
